[Music]
yo what is going on guys encode Sheeran
today I'm gonna be showing you ever
sewed 19 of going berserk
using these strangers rifle I have to
say thank you salty for letting me use
your account and your strangers rifle
because obviously I don't have one on my
account I deleted all three of my
strangers rifles and unfortunately I
can't get another one unless I delete a
character and that's absolutely not
happening I am not ruining all the work
that I've done on my characters and
removing all of the progress have that
guy's so pretty much why I'm doing these
strangers rifle for going berserk is a
great question and pretty much the
reason why is because I still have to do
the dregs promise an icebreaker
and those are an absolute pain in my ass
to successfully complete so I thought I
might as well get some special edition
episodes out like The Strangers rifle
possibly doing a challenge in the future
right don't use a gun at all maybe stuff
like that maybe the vestian dynasty just
special weapons that exist in destiny I
don't want to do all the legendaries all
the blues none of that BS I'm just gonna
keep it fancy with the special weapons
guys so obviously the dregs promised an
icebreaker they will happen one day guys
trust me but that day is not today right
now what you're seeing is the stranger's
rifle going berserk now I go absolutely
off this game so I hope you enjoy the
rest of this video let's try going 443
likes if we could do that that would be
insane drop a like if you enjoyed once
again subscribe for more daily destiny
content and as always and cool ciao
[Music]
I'm never scared